Automotive logo
Ask A Mechanic Online For Free

Ask A Mechanic Online For Free
ASK A MECHANIC FOR FREE NOW
CALL AN EXPERT MECHANIC
You can now start your chat with our expert mechanic for free by clicking the button below. (Some features such as voice and scheduled video calls with our expert mechanics are not free)

Find Mechanics and Auto Parts (Nigeria Only 🇳🇬)
FIND MECHANICS AND AUTO PARTS IN NIGERIA

Asoro Automotive; Bringing Automotive Repairs Solutions To Your Comfort; Ask A Mechanic Online.
Fixing or finding faults in your car could be very difficult, with Asoro Automotive it becomes easy. Asoro Automotive provides you with all the help and resources you would need to diagnose and fix your vehicle. We offer free ask a mechanic online services and provide you with 24/7 support till you fix your vehicle.

MESSAGE US NOW
What to do when you notice warning lights or check engine light on your car's dashboard.
The Best cheap diagnostic scanner - G-OBD
Mike's car in limp mode
Brakes making hissing sound
Asoro Automotive Pitch Video at CLSME 6.0
Every car owner needs to watch this!
What you need to know about automotive diagnostics
How to prolong a car's life and save cost up to 70% #carmaintenance #automobile #car #yourcar #diy
7 tips for car preventive maintenances - Reduce repairs cost by 70%
Load More...  Subscribe

24/7 Live Chat And Support From An Expert Auto Mechanic (Free Access To Ask A Mechanic Online).
Our “ask a mechanic online” live chat with our expert online mechanics help you to get the best support you can to diagnose and fix your old vehicle. Our response rate is very fast and our server is reliable. We offer the best free “ask a mechanic online” chat and support you can find anywhere. Our “ask a mechanic online” live chat allows you to send photos, videos or any type of document and files that can help you better explain or describe your vehicle’s fault.

MESSAGE US NOW

Interact With Other Automotive Technicians And Users While Developing Your Knowledge And Skills.
We have various automotive groups and automotive forum where you can ask a mechanic online, ask questions, interact with other members of the community, and make new friends. Our various automotive groups have administrators who are live to help guide you through the group. Our automotive forum is built in a way you can ask your questions and get answers from members of the community.

LEARN MORE
CALL OUR EXPERT MECHANIC

Enjoy Easy Procurement, Aftermarket Sale Support, Connect With A Mechanic And More.
Get your parts procurement and after market support from our support team. We will help you get the best auto parts, tools, equipment, accessories and lubricants. We also provide aftermarket support for purchases made through us or our affiliate agents. Don’t get exhausted with the stress of getting your parts procured, we would help you handle everything from purchase to delivery. Don’t just buy any part ask a mechanic online for the best.

MESSAGE US NOW
FIND MECHANICS AND AUTO PARTS IN NIGERIA 🇳🇬
Automotive Electrical/Electronic Systems And Components
This course teaches the fundamentals and principle of operation of all the electrical and electronic system in automotives. It also gives practical instructions and procedures for diagnostics and repairs.

Automotive Computerized Diagnostics Technology
This course teaches the fundamentals and principle of operation of all the computerized diagnostics (i.e. Onboard Diagnostics OBD protocol) system in automotives, it also introduce automotive programing and coding. It also gives practical instructions and procedures for automotive diagnostics and programming.

Automotive Key Programming, Cutting And Duplication
This courses teaches the fundamentals of automotive key programming, cutting and duplication. It teaches the procedures and steps. The courses also cover PIN and keycode generation and calculation, also with immobilizer and security bypasses.

Automotive Workshop Management
This course teaches various automotive workshop management skills and principles to improve productivity, reliability, professionalism and minimize cost. It also teaches problem solving techniques.

Ask a mechanic online 
Get Our Free And Paid Automotive Technology Courses. Improve Your Knowledge And Skills In Automotive Technology And Get Certified.
We have various courses in different aspects of automotive technology. Our courses equips you with the best standard practice, our courses are simple and planned out. Our courses contains only relevant theories, and they are practical based courses. We offer video, text, software and pictorial materials on our courses. After completion of our automotive courses mentorship continues. We offer certificates for our courses but it is optional.

LEARN MORE
Ask a mechanic online 
Book A Professional Mechanic Close To You. Let Your Vehicles Receive Nothing But The Best.
Find a professional mechanic closet to you to help you diagnose and fix your vehicle’s fault. Stop allowing your vehicle to be handled by quacks, this might results to damaging it. Get nothing but the best professional services from a mechanic close to you. Our affiliate mechanics are trust worthy and would offer you quality services.

MESSAGE US NOW
FIND MECHANICS AND AUTO PARTS IN NIGERIA 🇳🇬
Automotive Electrical/Electronic Systems And Components
This book contains the fundamentals and principle of operation of all the electrical and electronic system in automotives. It also gives practical instructions and procedures for diagnostics and repairs.

Automotive Computerized Diagnostics Technology
This book contains the fundamentals and principle of operation of all the computerized diagnostics (i.e. Onboard Diagnostics OBD protocol) system in automotives, it also introduce automotive programing and coding. It also gives practical instructions and procedures for automotive diagnostics and programming.

Automotive Engine Diagnostics, Repairs And Management
This Books gives an introduction to the various elements and systems in automotives engine and their mode of operation. It also emphasis on it diagnostics, maintenance and management.

The Mechanic’s Diary
This Books contains everything you need to know as regards automotive repair technology, from mechanical to electrical repairs, computerized diagnostics to workshop management. It also emphasis on it diagnostics, maintenance and management of all aspects of automotives.

Setting Up And Managing An Auto Repair Shop
This book contains various automotive workshop management skills and principles to improve productivity, reliability, professionalism and minimize cost. It also teaches problem solving techniques.

Ask a mechanic online 
Read Our Educative And Information Automotive Articles On Our Blog.
Read our educative blog posts to learn new things in the automotive technology industry. Learn the best standard practices, useful tips, latest innovations and more. Our Blog is written with simple grammars and structures that would help ease understanding. Our Blog is suitable for everyone, both professionals and non professionals. You can also ask a mechanic online for free to explain our post better.

LEARN MORE
Ask A Mechanic Online 
What You Need To About Us:
Asoro Automotive is a digital technology company that is aimed at providing automotive repair technology support (Ask a mechanic online). It provides this support to millions of automotive technicians and users all over the world. We have a free ask a mechanic online live chat with various expert automotive technicians to help and support people fix their vehicles. We also aid them with automotive parts, accessories, and tools procurements all for free. Our registered users can also schedule live video calls (ask a mechanic online) with our experts during their repair jobs. This is done inorder to give them the right support and supervision they need.

LEARN MORE
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Automotive logo
Asoro Automotive is a digital technology company that is aim at providing automotive repairs technology support to millions of automotive technicians and users all over the world. We have a free online live chat with various expert automotive technicians to help and support people fix their vehicles.

We also aid them with automotive parts, accessories and tools procurements all for free. Our registered users can also scheduled live video calls with our experts during their repairs jobs to give them the right support and supervision they need.

CONNECT WITH US VIA SOCIAL MEDIA

en English
© 2024 Asoro Automotive

Up ↑
Are you in Nigeria and you need help to get the right mechanics and auto parts for your car?

Click Here
X
×
notification icon
